Add documentation on discretization of uniformly distributed delays (#2452)
nest/nest-simulator: doc/htmldoc/nest_behavior/random_numbers.rst

   nest.Connect(n, n, syn_spec={'weight': nest.random.normal(mean=0., std=1.),
                                'delay': nest.random.uniform(min=0.5, max=1.5)})

.. _random_delays:

Rounding effects when randomizing delays
........................................

Connection delays in NEST are rounded to the nearest multiple of the simulation resolution,
even if delays are drawn from a continuous distribution. This will work as expected if the

> distribution has infinite support, e.g., the normal distribution. For the uniform distribution,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
distribution has infinite support, for example, the normal distribution. For the uniform distribution,
```

though, this rounding will usually lead to lower probabilities for the delays at the edges of

> the distribution. Consider the following case

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the distribution. Consider the following case:
```

::

    nest.resolution = 0.1
    n = nest.Create('iaf_psc_alpha', 100)
    nest.Connect(n, n, syn_spec={'delay': nest.random.uniform(min=1, max=2)})
    
This will create 10000 connections in total with delay values 1.0, 1.1, ..., 2.0. But while

> the interior delay values 1.1, ..., 1.9 will occur approximately 1000 times each, the corner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the interior delay values 1.1, ..., 1.9 will occur approximately 1000 times each, the first and last
```

> cases 1.0 and 2.0 will occur only approximately 500 times each. This happens because NEST

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cases, 1.0 and 2.0, will occur only approximately 500 times each. This happens because NEST
```

first draws the delay uniformly from :math:`[1, 2)` and then rounds to a fixed delay. Thus,
any number from :math:`[1.05, 1.15)` will be rounded to 1.1, but only numbers in
:math:`[1.0, 1.05)` will be rounded to 1.0.

> To achieve equal probabilities of the corner values, you can either extend the interval

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To achieve equal probabilities of the first and last values, you can either extend the interval
```
Using the term first and last as it was used describe these. Although corner sounds ok to me, it might not be good term for non-native English speakers. Unless this is an accepted use of the term. I'm also not sure about using edge, because 'edge case' in English has an idiomatic meaning.

> of the uniform distribution by half the resolution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the uniform distribution by half the resolution:
```

Reviewer 2: @heplesser Should this be committed as well?

Author: @hakonsbm Done.

::

    nest.resolution = 0.1
    n = nest.Create('iaf_psc_alpha', 100)
    nest.Connect(n, n, syn_spec={'delay': nest.random.uniform(min=1,
                                                              max=2)})
    
This will create 10000 connections in total with delay values 1.0, 1.1, ..., 2.0. But while
the interior delay values 1.1, ..., 1.9 will occur approximately 1000 times each, the corner
cases 1.0 and 2.0 will occur only approximately 500 times each. This happens because NEST
first draws the delay uniformly from :math:`[1, 2)` and then rounds to a fixed delay. Thus,
any number from :math:`[1.05, 1.15)` will be rounded to 1.1, but only numbers in
:math:`[1.0, 1.05)` will be rounded to 1.0.

To achieve equal probabilities of the corner values, you can either extend the interval
of the uniform distribution by half the resolution

::

    nest.Connect(n, n, syn_spec={'delay': nest.random.uniform(min=1-0.5*nest.resolution,
                                                              max=2+0.5*nest.resolution)})

or use the uniform integer distribution. Since it always draws numbers beginning with zero,
this is slightly more cumbersome:

::

>     nest.Connect(n, n, syn_spec={'delay': 1 + 0.1 * nest.random.uniform_int(11)})

Reviewer 2: Generally there should be space around arithmetic operators. When different priorities are used, one may consider adding whitespace around the operators with the lowest priority, but it should be consistent.

Author: Looking at PEP8, I think it should be spaces everywhere (except around `**`). I will fix it shortly.
